# 2.4.2



**Hotfixes**

* **Changing Data Type of Already Created Rule Template Is Impossible**\
  Rule templates can now have their enrichment attribute types changed.
* **Validate Enrichment Template Doesn't Show Error Message for Certain Errors**
* **Key Delete for Keep current delta lake output is not optimized**\
  Optimized delta lake output key delete for sources with keep current rules.
* **API overload with databricks get-cluster call when user is on sources list screen**\
  Mini-sparky warms up when users navigate to a source

**Bugs**

* **Sources using source name templates break import/export between environments**\
  ****Fixed the issue preventing import of source using source name template
* **Remove alert params from Azure envrionments**\
  ****Alerts are not avilable in Azure environments yet.
* **Circular dependency issue when pulling data now for 2 sources in ido**
* **Converting Output from Virtual to Delta Lake breaks column datatype mappings**
* **Delta Lake fails if user sets a table name that has capital letters**\
  ****Delta Lake output will force output table name to be lowercase if the user enters an uppercased name.
* **Channel Filter Query needs to require \[This] and drop-down alignment fix**
* **Cannot reference s\_input\_id when creating a rule**
* **Discrepancy between configured cron and english parsed cron.**\
  ****Parsed Cron descriptions in Schedule Settings now accurately show day of the week values. Monday = 0 and Sunday = 6.
* **Connections don't populate on new Output**\
  ****Connections dropdown in new Outputs now populates correctly.
* **'Clear Value' Button doesn't work on the Archive Folder parameter**
* **Active flag should not be editable on a rule that was auto-generated as part of a uniquess flag**\
  ****Users can no longer deactivate unique rules.

**Tasks**

* **CLONE - Move SFTP to to Storage Technology selector under File**\
  No major changes that will impact client. Removed SFTP from top row of buttons and place under File.
* **Add applicationIntent=ReadOnly to SQL server source connection parameters**\
  SQL Server source connection parameters can now utilize the ApplicationIntent parameter for JDBC connection
* **Change heartbeat timeout from 5 min to 8 minutes**\
  Default value for cluster heartbeat timeout bumped from 5 minutes to 8
* **Add databricks instance\_profile\_arn to meta.system\_configuration**\
  Postgres metastore now gets system\_configuration table updated during deployment process, removing some manual steps from the initial environment deployment process.
* **Add orchestrator call in API reset-source route to check for parses in process table when operation\_type = 'Parse'**\
  Complete
* **Add clearer message for Delta Lake channel refresh**\
  Delta Lake output processes that are triggered by a table overwrite will now show up in the same chain as the source that triggered them.
* **Keep current rules used in self-relations not kicking off attribute recalculation correctly**\
  Keep current rules that reference self relations will now correctly recalculate themselves again in the attribute recalculation step.
* **Add parameter to validation rule to include/exclude it from s\_validation\_status\_code calculation**\
  "Ignore" option added to validation rules.
* **Add Reset all parsing source level button**\
  Complete
* **Move SFTP to to Storage Technology selector under File**\
  Complete
