# 2.4.1



**Hotfixes**

* **Loopback ingestion switching clusters**\
  &#x20;Loopback ingestions will now use the same cluster for CDC after completion. A new cluster will not be launched
* **Reset Enrichment Deletes Hub Table**\
  &#x20;Logic tweaked to ensure data is not deleted when encountering Job Aborted and heartbeat errors.

**Bugs**

* **Virtual output decimal columns losing decimal places**\
  **** Virtual output can casting a string column that contains decimal numbers to decimal.
* **Dependent source\_id values are duplicated in workflow queue**
* **Output source level custom params not showing up for custom post output**\
  **** Custom post outputs will now have a json of structure {"output":{}, "output\_channel":{}} for the custom parameters object
* **UI bug in field selection.**\
  **** Deselecting checkboxes in the Select Columns pop-up on the Source Data View tab no longer causes the bottom checkbox/row to disappear.
* **Cleanup job generates database errors**\
  **** Cleanup should no longer throw errors due to it's process being ended early. Aggregated cleanup results will now be added at the end of cleanup logs as well
* **CDC failing with api error "more than one row returned by subquery"**
* **Log data is cut-off for long log messages**\
  **** Log messages are fully visible and are no longer cut-off by the border of the log details popup
* **Process UI tab show negative cost/duration for failed processes that never sarted**
* **Hub view hyperlink broken in environments with cased environment names**\
  **** Hub view hyperlinks automatically convert any brickDB variables into lowercase so that the links do not fail.
* **dependent source\_id values are duplicated in workflow queue**
* **Processing Tab Doesn't Show all "In Progress" inputs when selected**\
  **** Processing tab now shows all "In Progress" inputs when selected
* **Each individual Channel-Level Output process record kicks off Custom Output process record (Loopbacks)**
* **Clean Up Process Stalls Indefinitely When Core Actor System Shut Down**\
  **** Previously if the Core Clean up actor shut down for some reason as a cleanup process was running, it could cause process records to get stuck with an 'In Progress' status and prevent and new cleanups from getting kicked off. This fix makes the cleanup actor clear any 'In Progress' cleanup process records when the actor starts up to enable new clean ups to be kicked off
* **File pull from custom s3 bucket fails**\
  **** File ingestion using custom AWS access keys in File connection parameters will not fail randomly anymore
* **Multiple issues found with custom ingestion scheduling**\
  **** Custom ingestions will no longer run twice when setting a new schedule.
* **Sequence refresh breaks when sequence column contains values outside of Int range**
* **Day of Week Schedule Doesn't Accept Commas in Schedule Input**\
  **** Day of Week schedule accepts commas in schedule Input
* **Source Scope processes do not show up when filtering process page by input id**
* **Source Names With Periods Break Output**
* **Account Key Connection Parameter Should be masked**\
  **** Azure connections had account key value stored in plain text. It had been encrypted. Connections using account\_key had that key removed and have been renamed with ' \[UPDATE Account Key]'. Please update the key value and re-save the connection before using it.
* **New Data Viewer pagination doesn't work smoothly with the select column function**\
  **** Users can select columns from any pagination on data viewer and it will display the columns and reset pagination.
* **Users can save Connection without specifying Agent**
* **Agent failure caused by schedule too far in future**

**Tasks**

* **Update Processing to Workflow Queue GitBook Doc**\
  &#x20;Check out the new workflow page on gitbook!
* **Re-enable process UI page auto-refresh + persist source status**\
  &#x20;Auto-refresh re-enabled and optimized for source inputs and process pages. Source-level status is now refreshed automatically when any of the source tabs are open (vs. inputs tab only before). Source status is also visible/sortable in sources list to support better operational visibilty
* **Recalculation mode is not consistent between templates page and actual rule on source**\
  &#x20;When updating the Rule Template, any linked source enrichments' recalculation modes are updated to match the Rule Template's recalculation mode.
* **Process Queue expanded rows ASC jump when new rows are loaded**\
  &#x20;The scrollbar should not jump away from the expanded processes. Instead, the expanded rows should still be in view after more processes are loaded. Note, the scrollbar might flicker, this is normal.\
  \
  &#x20;The blue loading bar is now visible regardless of scrollbar position as well. Users now know when new processes are being loaded from any area of the table.
* **Change Output History tab to "Process"**\
  &#x20;Output History tab is now Process on Outputs page.
* **Add Schedules to Gitbook**\
  &#x20;Added documentation about the new Schedules feature. Documentation now describes how users can create and update schedules from a global screen. In additional, the documentation explains how to assign sources to schedules as well as the basics of CRON scripts.
* **Add hub\_table\_size attribute to meta.source**\
  &#x20;Size column added to sources list page, displaying total size of the current source hub table
* **Key hub table & refresh optimization**\
  &#x20;Parquet file sizes are now optimized for key hub tables using target\_parquet\_file\_size setting in syste\_configuration
* **Output Mapping attributes with line break**\
  &#x20;Long output column values are more visible. If they are too long, the triple dot appears.
* **Display Partition ordinal on column mapping headers**\
  &#x20;Output mapping columns that have a partitional ordinal will display the numbers next to the sorting/hamburger menu e.g. P2. Those that do not will not.
* **Combine source list filter dropdowns into a central filter feature**\
  &#x20;On the Source List, all dropdown filters, besides name and activeOnly, are combined into two dropdowns. When a filter is entered an active filter tag appears; these tags can be closed one by one, are stackable (e.g. filter on a refresh type of both full and key), and have color variation to help distinguish them. Users can navigate to source, hit the back button, and retain the selected filter tags.
* **Delta Lake/Hive Output**\
  &#x20;Delta Lake output is now available in Output. Read the 2.4.1 announcement for more detail about Delta Lake output.
* **Fail deployment build if Agent .msi is missing**\
  &#x20;Deployment service will no longer be able to built with a missing Agent MSI file.
* **Start mini-sparky and ensure pool is warm once UI is used**\
  &#x20;Mini-sparky automatically starts when user first logs into IDO or opens sources list page
* **Allow users to specify the target DB of virtual outputs**\
  &#x20;Users can now use the "View Database" parameter on Virtual Output settings to specify the target database in Databricks for the Virtual Output view to be created in. If left blank, the view will be created in the main DataOps Databricks database.
* **custom source shouldn't need a connection (optional)**\
  &#x20;Connections should be optional for sources with a custom output. Users can also remove connections from sources with custom outputs.
* **Change auto-populated channel names to something other than just Source Name**\
  &#x20; Output Mapping channel names are easily distinguishable from the source names.
* **Standardize Active/Delete on Outputs**\
  &#x20;Users are able to show/hide inactive sources on output mappings.
* **As a user, I want to programmatically trigger a source pull from outside of RAP via API or otherwise**\
  &#x20;External API routes are now available. The Auth0 token needs to be generated in the new External application. The external API routes can be found in the documentation.
