---
description: 08/23/2021
---

# 2.4.1 - July 23 Hotfix

## Schema Lock

Three new parameters have been added to the Parsing Parameters section of the Source Settings page to protect sources against schema changes.

This will enable users to prevent raw attribute changes to a specified source when a file with a different schema is processed by DataOps - ensuring they will not have to delete the metadata and disable any relevant dependencies for that source to clean it up.

#### Lock Schema New Columns

Setting this parameter to true will prevent any new columns from being added to the source. If a new input is ingested and has new columns to add to the schema, it will fail in the parsing/ingestion step.

#### Lock Schema Datatype Changes

Setting this parameter to true will prevent the datatype of any existing column in the source from changing. If a new input is ingested and has existing columns with differing datatypes, it will fail in the parsing/ingestion step.

#### Fail on Missing Columns

Setting this parameter to true will prevent ingestion of any input that is missing columns previously seen in the source. If a new input has missing columns it will fail in the parsing/ingestion step.

## Snowflake 0 record outputs

A change made in Release 2.4.0 caused output processes that wrote 0 records into snowflake tables from keyed sources to fail. This has been fixed and performance upgrades have been made.

## Keyed sources with every column in the key

After the 2.4.0 release, keyed sources that utilize every column in the key would fail in the capture data changes step. This now not only no longer fails, but works more efficiently than in pre-2.4.0 releases.

## SDK parameter accessibility

We have made the following parameters accessible from Ingestion or PostOutput sessions

* environment&#x20;
* originalProcessId
* sourceName
* connectionId

