# 2.4.3

**Critical Bugs**

* **Output Settings can't be updated**\
  Checkbox values set to false in either outputs or source settings now properly save as false.
* **File Watcher not working with multipart file uploads**\
  File watcher will no longer throw an error in Azure environments if there are other objects in the blob storage directory for multipart file ingestion.

**Bugs**

* **Development Environment: Defaults not showing up correctly.**\
  ****n/a
* **Source status not showing when gray check boxes exist on inputs**\
  ****Source status now correctly shows on the top of the source page and on the sources page when the latest input is a zero record input with a gray check source status.
* **Can't set max retries to 0 in Performance & Cost (parameter builder)**\
  ****Parameter table can take zero values again for max retries.
* **Workflow Queue not checked when process reaches cluster heartbeat timeout**\
  ****Processes will now check the workflow queue after failing to launch a cluster due to heartbeat timeout.
* **Reset All Output Breaks abandons delta lake temp tables**\
  ****Delta Lake output no longer creates a permanent temp table in the Hive database for key merge upsert, it now uses a temporary view during processing. If the output fails, a temp table will no longer be left behind in the Hive databse.
* **Cannot deprimary x-to-many relation that is used in enrichment rules**\
  ****Deprimarying a relation should always work now.
* **When uploading a new YAML file, loopbacks lose their virtual output connection**\
  ****Loopback sources will now correctly keep their output IDs on promotion
* **Can't save new relation template**\
  ****Relation templates can now be saved after switching related source types. Relation template settings form no longer disappears when changing related sources.
* **Window function over x-to-many relation can be saved in rule templates**\
  ****Window functions over x-to-many relations are not a valid pattern. Our syntax checker will now disallow the saving of this pattern in tempaltes.
* **Source Checkbox Selection cleared when export tab opens**\
  ****The automatic refresh on sources no longer clears the checkbox selections.
* **Templating primary relation save issues**\
  ****Converting a relation to a template now switches the primary off.
* **404 error retrieving site contents in AzureDemo**\
  ****Azure Frontend won't throw 404 errors in the network tab when refreshing pages anymore.

**Tasks**

* **Add triple dots to large truncated field in Data Viewer**\
  Data Viewer will now show abbreviate long column values with an ellipsis. Users can hover over the column cell to see its full value and well as copy the value with a left click.
* **Improve schema check efficiency and logging**\
  Efficiency improved and log messages made more concise
* **Source Group / Template type-ahead search on Source Config Screen**\
  On Source Settings, both the group and source template dropdowns are now searchable
* **Delete Validation rule that has auto-generated uniqueness rule attached**\
  From 2.4.3 Release - ready for current release.
* **Schedules are not included in Import/Export process**\
  If a schedule with the exact same name exists in both environments, and it is attached to an exported source, it will now be attached to the source upon import. Before, the schedule would always be lost.
* **Enable filtering by source status**\
  Sources can now be sorted by source status. The new filter has been added to the filter dropdown on the Sources page
* **Two 2.0 Agent MSI's on one machine investigation**\
  The Agent MSI can now support two Agent's being installed one server. There will be two versions of the MSI in the MSI folder in S3/Blob Storage, please install those separately in the form of "Prod" and "Dev" agents. For more information, please visit the "Installing a New Agent" section in the GitBook wiki.
* **Design and Build custom parsing class for Notebook parsing**\
  We now offer custom parsing! Use this option when the agent is needed to pick up a file behind a firewall and unique parsing logic is needed. Docs here: [https://intellio.gitbook.io/dataops/v/master/user-manual/sdk/custom-parsing](https://intellio.gitbook.io/dataops/v/master/user-manual/sdk/custom-parsing)
