---
description: 2/23/2021
---

# 2.3.1

**Release Issues**

* **Can't run ingestion with CTE in source query**
  * Fixed
* **Query generation fails when using M-1-M relation chain**
  * Fixed issue where enrichment phase failed when enrichment referenced attribute from traversed source related via M-1-M relation path
* **Source clone doesn't replace long relation syntax expressions**
  * Fixed
* **Snackbar errors super upset when configuring relations**
  * 
* **The API is down page has a stretched out dataops logo**
  * Deployment-in-progress url renamed to api-down. Image improved.
* **Throw error when output file type is changed to text and more than 1 output column exists.**
  * Error will now be thrown in this scenario
* **Upgrades to Tokens in Rules and Relation templates**
  * Visual and QOL updates.
* **Unnecessary altering of Snowflake column data types**
  * Schema check updated to not alter column types unnecessarily
* **Effective Record Counts not showing up correctly in UI for Keyed**
  * Keyed record counts for both the original source table and current hub table will now be shown in the UI correctly.
* **S3LandingPath Agent Parameter should not be visible in Azure**
  * Removed for Azure
* **Create disable\_initiation parameter**
  * Added "Disable Initiation" to Ingestion parameters. This parameter will cause ingestions to no longer trigger via Scheduled or Watcher initiation types. Manual pulls will still be enabled if the source is a Scheduled initiation type.
* **Source-&gt;Inputs tab should refresh when switching from another tab**
  * Source-Inputs tab did not immediately refresh when switching from source tabs.
* **Extra main sparky configs in database**
  * Spark cluster configs have been moved to the database, increasing code flexibility.
* **Update tags with click navigation to use routerLink instead**
  * Navigation via right click -&gt; Open in new tab will now work for all links
* **Automated Database rollback for Azure deploy**
  * Automated database rollback for Azure deployment container runs is now available. This requires a permission to be added to the deployment container service principal and is in the 2.3.1 release of the Infrastructure repository.
* **Add timezone to UI timestamps**
  * UI Tiemstamps will now show timezones
* **Pull now doesn't create failed input/show error**
  * Fixed

