# 2.4.3 Features

Similar to 2.4.2, this release primarily focuses on quality of life features – as well as a few important performance improvements and bugfixes. Here are a few of the major additions: 

* Introduced custom parsing 
* Improved deployment automation 
* Increased stability around output type changes 
* Two quality of life updates for Sources 
* Filtering on Source Status 
* Truncated Long Fields in Data Viewer 

## New Feature 

### Custom parsing allows agent acquired files to be parsed using custom logic 

#### By: Jacob Crell - Senior Consultant, Processing & Data Flow Engineering Lead 

Many users have been leveraging our custom ingestion capability to bring data into IDO from a wide variety of formats. However, the custom ingest functionality requires Databricks network access into the source data location. As this is not always possible, we have development Custom Parsing, which will allow users to acquire files via the Intellio Agent, but then parse the data out of the file using completely custom logic. Documentation for the new feature can be found in the SDK section of the [Intellio DataOps documentation](https://intellio.gitbook.io/dataops/). 

## Performance and Stability Optimizations 

### Two Agent MSI’s can now be installed on one server 

#### By: Joe Swanson - Senior Consultant, Application & Infrastructure Engineering Lead  

The Intellio DataOps Agent has been historically bound to a single server with a new server needed to be used for each additional installation. Since most environments use a development and production environment, it can be useful to install the development and production Agent on the same server, to cut down on server creation costs and additional networking requirements. After the 2.4.3 Deployment container runs in the cloud environment, there will be an additional MSI named “intellio-dataops-agent-dev-2.4.3.msi” in the msi-install folder in the respective cloud storage area \(S3/Azure Blob Storage\). To install two Agents on the same server, just use the two separate MSI files located in the msi-install directory to install each agent. Note: At the time, only two Agents on the same server are supported, and the same MSI file cannot be installed twice.  

### Schedules included in Import/Export process 

#### By: Joe Swanson - Senior Consultant, Application & Infrastructure Engineering Lead  

When exporting a source, an attached schedule would not be brought along with it when importing. This was originally by design, as schedules were specific to environment in many situations – and we didn’t want imports to fail if schedules weren’t matching, as that would be too restrictive. Now, if you have a schedule in both environments with the exact same name then the schedule will be attached to your source upon import, if it was on the source when exported. This will allow environments to share certain schedules and not worry about having to reattach them during the source promotion process. 

## Quality of Life Updates 

### Source Updates 

#### By: Mary Scale – Experienced Consultant, UI/UX Developer 

The DataOPS Source pages have two new quality of life updates.  

#### Filtering on Source Status 

Users can now select the filter type ‘Status’ on the Sources list page. Then, they can choose between the following status types, success, fail, warning, in progress, queued, launching cluster, and waiting.  

If multiple status types are selected, sources with one or both status types will be shown.  

#### Truncated Long Fields in Data Viewer 

Data Viewer columns can have long field values, especially when displaying enrichment columns. Before, long fields values would not be visible if the column width was too small. 

Now, long values are truncated with an ellipsis if they exceed the column width. Users can also see the full-length field value by hovering over them. If a user wishes to copy the field value, they just need to left click the text. This will automatically copy the value to the user’s clipboard. 

